### Sharing Files
Apps often have a need to offer one or more of their files to another app.

This class explains how to securely share files from your app to another app using content URIs generated by the Android [FileProvider](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v4/content/FileProvider.html) component and temporary permissions that you grant to the receiving app for the content URI.

> Note: The [FileProvider](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v4/content/FileProvider.html) class is part of the [v4 Support Library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/support-library/features.html#v4). For information about including this library in your application, see [Support Library Setup](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/support-library/setup.html).

-----------------------------------------------------------

#### Setting Up File Sharing
- Learn how to set up your app to share files.

To securely offer a file from your app to another app, you need to configure your app to offer a secure handle to the file, in the form of a content URI. The Android [FileProvider](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v4/content/FileProvider.html) component generates content URIs for files, based on specifications you provide in XML. 

#### Sharing a File
- Learn how to offer a file to another app by generating a content URI for the file, granting access permissions to the URI, and sending the URI to the app.

This lesson shows you how to create a file selection Activity in your app that responds to requests for files.

#### Requesting a Shared File
- Learn how to request a file shared by another app, receive the content URI for the file, and use the content URI to open the file.

This lesson shows you how a client app requests a file from a server app, receives the file's content URI from the server app, and opens the file using the content URI.

When an app wants to access a file shared by another app, the requesting app (the client) usually sends a request to the app sharing the files (the server). 
In most cases, the request starts an Activity in the server app that displays the files it can share. 
The user picks a file, after which the server app returns the file's content URI to the client app.

#### Retrieving File Information
- Learn how an app can use a content URI generated by a [FileProvider](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/support/v4/content/FileProvider.html) to retrieve file information including MIME type and file size.

This lesson demonstrates how to query the server app's FileProvider to retrieve a file's MIME type and size.

Before a client app tries to work with a file for which it has a content URI, the app can request information about the file from the server app, including the file's data type and file size. 
_(The data type helps the client app to determine if it can handle the file, and the file size helps the client app set up buffering and caching for the file.)_
